09-30 LUCI Design Services

2026-09-30 08:11:31

00:00:00 Jane So is this separate service that we do for Boyd that’s separate before, or is it part of?

00:00:06 Jesse It’s not just Boyd. It used to be D Three was a separate company. That’s where we had the company where we did all this consulting and planning and design process from. It just made sense when we got to a point where we stopped D Three altogether and rolled that service into the SaaS for Lucy.

00:00:29 Jane So it’s part of their.

00:00:30 Jesse It’s part of everyone’s subscription. Plan designs and anything I can provide for them are kind of baked into the service.

00:00:40 Jane That’s pretty cool.

00:00:41 Jesse So that’s yeah, that’s um, that’s where I started was doing just design work on the D three side. So it’s transitioned into doing all Lucy maps and then design work as it comes in.

00:00:56 Jane Do you do less design work now than you did with D3?

00:00:59 Jesse Less intensive. We would try to take on like full brand new hotel casino buildings, full systems, full low voltage, including AV. So we were trying to do data and the rack layouts and the cable trays and sitting in consultant meetings and doing all of that garbage. And I call it garbage just because we were. As like AV and low voltage just typically gets saved to the end because it’s low voltage wiring. We’re low on the totem pole as far as like life safety and importance in the building. Okay, so Mike was really getting fed up with the sort of redheaded stepchild treatment. Ah, okay. Just the consultancy side. Okay. So he’s like, we can still provide these services. We still do these things for the clients we really care about. Yeah, the clients who pay us, not.

00:01:53 Jesse Architects who are more pros at this, and we work for the owners still. So it’s he’s like we’re scrapping that. We’re just gonna fold it into Lucy so that we actually working for the people we really care about.

00:02:05 Jane So when Boyd says, “Hey, we got a new property. We’re redesigning it. We want to install Lucy there.” They bring us in early. To do all this stuff. And then have they paid for Lucy at this point?

00:02:26 Jesse I mean, that’s that’s typically usually up with Mike, like where we start when we start contracts are signed. You know, I mean, that’s all kind of his his deal. But yeah, they’re before we start anything, they’re pretty much fully on board with essentially getting Lucy in the building as a system, and we provide the full design of everything they’ll need to make it work at the end.

00:02:48 Jane Gotcha. So for what was the last time we did this? Who do we do it for?

00:02:54 Jesse We do it for Boyd. We do it for Caesars. We do it for Hummel, San Ante Star, Trumash, and a lot of these are either just small additions they’re making to their overall properties, or large additions. In San Ante Star, they’re doing that whole new family center. Some of it includes just LED. Some of it is a full design plus LED. So it’s, it’s pretty much, the majority of our clients that have continual work going on. There’s something new and fresh, maybe every six months ish, depending on the property and you know their expansion and everything they’re doing. That’s cool. So the, the workflow itself for me is going to change in that I’m not spending so much time on one gargantuan project. It’s come in, knock out a tenant improvement one week and then.

00:03:49 Jesse On something completely different the next week. So that goes through.

00:03:53 Jane What are the different types of projects you might do that are in that same vein? What’s a tenant improvement?

00:04:01 Jesse Is it’s like if in a casino they’re just gonna upgrade a single restaurant or something like that? That’s a tenant within the overall building space. Okay. So we have to do a full design process, even if it’s just like a small restaurant within a larger casino. You have to do full demo plans. Will be work plans show how it integrates with the rest of the building, all the rest of the systems that are already there. Have to show disconnection points for mechanical, electrical. Everybody, every trade has to provide that same set of plans with demo all the way through brand new construction.

00:04:35 Jane And so, you’re not necessarily connected to how Lucy connects because Lucy doesn’t require a lot of wiring, but we’re helping them figure out their.

00:04:48 Jesse Do the building construction work with the focus on the infrastructure we provide is the type they will need exactly for Lucy to plug in and run.

00:05:01 Jane So it could be a whole casino, or it could be just one. When we did the sports book at Alliante, did we do all of that for the sportsbook?

00:05:15 Jesse We did just the LED design. Oh, okay. They had already had somebody else working on the speakers and AV design, so for that, we just did LED.

00:05:27 Jane Can you talk me through the details of like when we did a full, like the full thing, like all of the cabling and wiring and everything? Talk me through like what.

00:05:41 Jane What we did and why that was valuable versus having somebody else do it.

00:05:46 Jesse Okay. Well, specific. Yeah. Well, specifically, Lucy. The the biggest thing for for like I said is we we design the system. Like Mike’s whole selling point with Lucy is we can minimize their hardware in the racks. Like that’s the whole biggest deal is we can basically take six racks down to two or less typically. Yeah. So what we do, though, for the design-wise, is when we get on a project, if it’s full design, full low voltage, I’ll pull in the projects from the drawings from the architect, and I’ll start setting out in a way that that we’re used to seeing it—plans on the sheets, all that stuff, our nodes, our symbols—and we’ll start the base design. And we start the base design with that limited hardware scope in mind.

00:06:37 Jesse Okay. So what happens is we’ll we’ll drop in the space where we need where our racks go in the rack rooms. We’ll start planning and counting as the building fills up with all of our stuff and I design it and all that stuff. So during that phase, we’ll be sending our drawings back and forth with our tags, electrical, and coordinating the placement of all of our systems, our racks, all that stuff. Everybody can see where everybody else’s stuff is, and the design reflects from there. The benefit to, Us designing on the front end, and then plugging in the system on the back end. There’s, there’s no question about, will it work? Who’s going to turn it on? Who’s going to manage? Because typically, like when there’s a system or designer and the consultants, the architect, is in charge of, controlling the plan set design completely, and they will subcontract out to all of people like us, mechanical, electrical, all the different systems. Interior design is even separated.

00:07:35 Jesse From architectural, okay. So you’ll have the architectural, who is basically owning the plan set requirements and submitting all of that, and running all coordination, for all of us consultants. So once all that process is completed, and we get through the design, and they submit to the contractors and do all of that stuff, we’re at a point where the rest of the consultants are gone and may never see the project again. Okay. An electrical contractor will pick up the plansets, and they’ll see under their scope. Oh, we’ll need a we’ll need a low voltage contractor. We’ll need all of this. We’ll need all that. So they get their own consultants, subcontractors. So sometimes there’s a complete disconnect between the people who make the plans and the people actually build the building. So the biggest benefit for us in that stage is that we’re designing the plans.

00:08:32 Jesse Already, with the intent of we’ll be the ones turning on the system at the end of the day and training the owner. So that’s that’s the hugest selling point for us is we we run it from design process coordination all the way through to plug and play. And there’s there’s no questions, there’s no no issues, and like that that’s that’s a huge benefit. Yeah,

00:08:51 Jane Just so they know they’re not gonna be tripping over whatever the last.

00:08:56 Jesse Person who’s turning the keys at the end of the day. They don’t have a chain of three people to find out. Well, how did this get built this way? Okay, well this happened. Well, okay, well how did that get built? All get built off these other people’s plans. Okay, well why did they design that that way? You know, it eliminates all that confusion.

00:09:13 Jane And that’s why Boyd keeps bringing us back.

00:09:17 Jesse As soon as, as soon as customers see that benefit of, we’re already designing for no hardware costs because we’re not, we don’t do the install of the hardware, so we’re not trying to you know, beef up any costs or anything like that on. Installation. We’re not trying to do anything crazy. We charge them for the services we provide, the software, the support monthly, and that design. This design that’s kind of just baked in. People really don’t see the benefit in it until they’ve actually used it, and then they don’t stop. Like Boyd. Yeah. So, which is it’s good. It’s good for me. Good for us.

00:09:51 Jane And, what are you? So on that, floor plan I was looking at the last time I talked to you about this. You were, like, get detailed for me. Like you were dictating, you know, this. I’m assuming audio cables and TV cables, where they’re going to run through the roof, which rack room they’re going to connect to.

00:10:12 Jesse Right. More specifically, with the stuff when I’m doing the design, it’s not telling them you have to run it this way. It’s more like, especially when I was doing the speakers, the speaker chains. That was with the like the dots and the arcs between. That’s telling them, hey, this collection of speakers, they need to be mounted. Generally in this location, and this chain needs to be wired so that these are a chain. However, else they do it. However, else it runs back to the amp. All of that, that’s on them. Okay. We don’t really need to dictate that because field conditions. Something gets built. Yeah. Okay. You know that would turn every little instance into like a request for information, a you know an issue. We’re like, no, more generalized. Okay. So when I’m doing that design, it’s.

00:10:57 Jesse Generally, it needs to land here. Has to land in this room. Has to go to this rack. Other than that, it’s their own.

00:11:06 Jane They decide where they’re going to cut into the wall.

00:11:10 Jesse I’ll show a data symbol on the wall and just say it goes to the IEF. Pathway in between. That’s however the building dictates.

00:11:18 Jane Gotcha. Was I just?

00:11:36 Jane Can you send me a screenshot of that one you were working on last time?

00:11:42 Jesse I think it was the Osage Sand Springs. I think it was the one. That’s one. I think that’s one we just completed design work for.

00:11:52 Jane Because I probably won’t use it. I want to put this in the newsletter, but I don’t want to put their floor plan in it. But I’m going to give it to AI and have it reconfigure it, just showing the same idea.

00:12:05 Jesse Cool. I’ll get something clean and nice and send it over to you. Cool. That would be awesome. Ceiling over, roll plan like that.

00:12:15 Jane Cool. Thank you.